Here we got a problem apparently, there is not that many vlogs explainin QUIC to a very low level, therefore what is left is the actual documentation.
I wont take notes about all, but only the relevant parts.

https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9000

# QUIC: A UDP-Based Multiplexed and Secure Transport

QUIC is a connection-oriented protocol that creates a stateful interaction (stateful means you keep information about the client between requests).
QUIC integrates the TLS handshake, packets are carried in UDP datagram, exchange is over streams connections, bidirectional streams, allow both endpoints to send data,
uniderectional streams, single endpoints to send data. Credit-based shceme limit stream creation and amount of data that can be send

QUIC implements an alghorithm for detecting and recovering loss of data, depends on congeestion control. 

## Streams

Streams can be created by sending data, to manage you also have ending, cancelling and managing flow control.
Any number of streams can operate concurrently, and for an arbitrary amount of data to be sent on any stream.

Streams are identify by stream ID, 62-bit unsigend integer, must not be reused within a connection

- bit(0x01) identifies the initiator of stream, clien-initiated 0 (even number stream ID), server-initiated 1 (Odd number stream ID)

- bit(0x02) distinguishes between bidirectional streams 0, unidirectional 1

0x00 client,bidirectional
0x01 server, bidirectional
0x02 client, unidirectional
0x03 server, unidirectional

An endpoint uses the Stream ID and Offset fields in STREAM frames to place data in order
Endpoints must deliver data as an ordered byte stream. Endpoint buffer any data that is recived out of order, up to the advertised flow control limit.
An endpoint could received data for a stream at the same stream offset multiple times (the stream offset is a postion of the stream, so data is send many times
for error correction), Data that has already been received can be discarded. The data at a given offset MUST NOT change if it is sent multiple times.
a receipt of different data at the same offset may be treated as an error or protocol violation

- Stream Priorization: The application is in charge of stream multiplexing, the application determines how to allocate resources to active streams 

- Operations on Streams: A QUIC implementation should have, write data, end the stream, reset the stream; reciving part, read data, abort reading

# STOP

After reading more of the document there are 22 sections, is not that long but, it is better to get some objetives, see how other servers work, like a python one,
and use that as a guide, and see the specifications document if neccesary, only for the information that is needed, otherwise, this will be a month, and
there wont be, any lines of code written. 

So next, do a handshake, and a ping, that would be enough.

The document would be more important in how data is structure in the data frames so check:

- https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9000#name-frames-and-frame-types
